docs(connectors): added notes to AMPQ and SQS connectors (#3023)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/amazon-sqs.md

<TabItem value='inbound'>

:::note

> To ensure consistent and stable work of Amazon Simple Queue Service Connector, it is not recommended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure consistent and stable behaviour of the Amazon Simple Queue Service Connector, it is not recommended
```
Maybe @christinaausley has a better idea for phrasing this.

Reviewer 2: to maintain stable behavior from the Amazon SQS Connector, do not subscribe multiple Amazon SQS Connectors to the same queue.

WDYT?

Author: @christinaausley perfect!

Reviewer 2: Adjusted in latest commit 👍
